pretty simple actually there's like a
little both thing beneath the video i
just press the icon and just press
export to youtube yeah the little icon
later on once the video is finished
because what twitch does is after you've
stream it makes a video automatically of
the stream as past broadcast what I do
is I just go to that and hit upload to
upload to YouTube brother and it just
does it for me so that's why I can't
upload yesterday string to YouTube
because it had copyrighted stuff in it
and now we'll proper mess up my eat the
count twitch don't really care about
copyright they just mute your video if
they see copyright YouTube are a bit
different they'll like shut down your
channel so i have to be careful about
that that's why i can't play any song i
want only in saturday's i will wake you
song requests
I'm getting better at this video making
thing I told you guys during the summer
I'll be making a lot more videos I think
I'm up to like five or six videos three
four five hey you shoulda free kiss my
js welcome to the stream very creative
me
I've been making a lot more videos
lately and my streams have become like
twice long all right drizzle drizzy bleh
I don't know why I keep calling him
drizzle which rolls off the tongue so
easily
he all right this match should be over
soon
oh wait can he get him out of the green
bar yes he got him out of the green bar
barely oh oh oh that looks like a death
a lot of damage but actually did it I
like that's pretty cool the dash estar
wait until requires a lot of skills
before nah hey guys don't charge
chocolate you lose HP dweller don't make
that mistake oh it's over
oh that was a high jump and it's over